laughs stop
Louis I'm your uncle Jonathan are you
wearing a robe it's a kimono here we are
home sweet home
you're Luis I presume how was your trip
this old hag is my neighbor I'm relieved
to see you didn't inherit your uncle's
freakishly oversized head my God did
that withered purple skeleton just speak
you'll see it's quite different here
have a look around you're perfectly safe
safe as long as it's fed do you know
what a warlock is Lois a boy which I
think they're a little more than boy
widgets are you saying that your luck
please teach me please please okay have
it your way I can give you the right
books teach you the right spells but
that last one for Saturday that's up to
you
I don't want the creepy little runt same
guy woman lucky shot
you've told Lewis everything well not
everything
this house used to be owned by another
warlock
he's very wicked very powerful he left a
hidden clock in the walls we don't know
what it does except something horrible
three gums last time it was for what
happens when it gets down to one nothing
good that's for certain
we have to destroy the clock
so creepy you can't do this alone I can
help you
once these real magic I'll show you
shall we
[Applause]
[Music]